so here it is the moment you've been
waiting for the moment you find out what
that car was I was talking about the
other night I can just feel the tension
building up the sweat pouring out you
just can't wait are you ready for it
Oh what the hell the name of the car is
in the title right so let's stop wasting
time and just get on with it shall we
it's called the Dodge
m4s which stands for mid-engine
four-cylinder sports car this car is
famous for its starring role in the
movie the Wraith with Charlie Sheen it
was a concept car built to be a pace car
for the Indy car races the m4s achieved
huge performance stats with such a small
engine the engine was just a 2.2 liter
twin turbo four-cylinder with 16-valve
twin cam head by Cosworth with the
turbos firing at 23 pounds per square
inch the engine produced 440 horsepower
he went from zero to 60 in 4.1 seconds
and reached a stratospheric top speed of
195 miles per hour or 313 kilometers per
hour it also had an extremely low drag
coefficient of just point two three six
it was truly an engineering milestone
from 1984
this car was often called the Dodge and
4s turbo interceptor but is the leap
that the turbo interceptor part of the
name was unofficially added after its
role in the movie The Rape most of the
cars in the movie with replicas dodge
actually allowed them to use the
original molds to create the replicas
the m4s is a concept car that never saw
production but it still remains an
engineering masterpiece be sure to
subscribe and check out other rare and
obscure cars by clicking on the links
below this is DT Rockstar one thank you
very much for watching we'll see you
next time